[Emporio] The Green Dolphin
Street Penitentiary,
aka the "Aquarium."
"Mystery" and power were both
birthed here at some point.
Something which
no ordinary people can see.
And for those who can,
the "mystery" and "power"
remain foggy.
Jolyne received
an additional five years
for attempting to escape
and has been in the punishment
cell for a few weeks now.
Everything will start
after that.
Everything...
But before that happens,
there's something else
I need to look into.
-It's another prisoner.
-[footsteps approaching]
One that goes
by the name of...
Ermes Costello.
It's my understanding
that she and Jolyne
have already met.
[gasps] Hey!
What do you think
you're doing?
Wait!
Come back, you bastard!
[yells]
The medical... ward?
What the hell?
[tense music playing]
[rustling]
[opening theme song playing]
Damn it.
That rotten janitor.
Made off with what little
I'd saved.
God damn it!
Hm?
Now I remember.
I hurt my hand on something,
and got a fever.
But the wound
has practically disappeared.
Could I have been dreaming?
Wait, don't get ahead
of yourself.
I remember.
It's coming back to me now.
A five years sentence.
I was in custody for burglary
waiting to be transferred
to this prison.
I picked that thing up in
the meeting room in the jail.
I saw it just sitting there.
But knowing my luck,
I cut my hand pretty bad on it,
which totally pissed me off.
Who was it?
What was that woman's name?
Gwess! That's right.
I sold that thing to her.
And that night...
I somehow passed out,
and now... here I am.
Have I really
been sleeping since then?
And my wound is mostly healed.
Hm?
Hey, what's the deal
with this sticker?
Huh?
I already peeled off
the sticker
that was on the palm
of my hand.
Am I remembering
this correctly?
In 1492, Columbus sailed
the ocean blue!
Bugs Bunny's birthday
is July 27th, 1940!
I'm certain of it.
What the--?! I thought
I'd already thrown it away!
Huh?
My shoes...
Something seems different.
But what... is it...?
There's one, two...
There's three, four, five,
and si--
[screaming]
Ouch!
Hold on,
now there are five again!
It went back to normal!
Did-- Did the high fever
cause astigmatism in my eyes?
But there's that sticker...
[shudders]
That's the sticker
that I just took off.
Don't you dare.
-[glass shatters]
-[screams]
That's nasty!
The hell is your problem?
Yeah, why don't you pipe down,
new meat?
Uh... don't mind me.
Back to sleep!
[clicks tongue, growls]
You moron...
No, this is...
definitely not an astigmatism
from having a high fever!
I'm definitely touching it.
I feel the weight.
This sticker!
Wherever I place it,
it creates an exact duplicate
of the object!
But peel if off...
[zaps]
It causes damage as
the two merge back into one!
-And this sticker.
-[kissing sound]
It sounds insane,
but I'm certain.
It emerged from inside
of my body,
from the cut on my hand!
[footsteps approaching]
[playful music playing]
And so...
Once I accept
this new reality,
it may come in handy.
[choking]
[grunts]
Kickass!
There's no point
in overthinking it.
I have to come to terms
with the fact
that the sticker
comes out of my hand.
Hey, you!
Give me back my money, you rat!
-Huh?
-[heart thumping]
What... the hell?
Gross!
[broom clatters]
[mysterious music builds]
He--He just walked away
from here?
He's trying to pretend
that nothing happened?
I snagged this without thinking
'cause it was right there.
Now that I have this thing...
What is it? What's it do?
[indistinct chatter]
Looks like you managed
to break your fever.
You're clear to return
to general population.
-Okay, but...
-Hm?
That night-time janitor guy.
What's his name?
Is he an upstanding prisoner?
The doctor has better things
to do with his time! Beat it!
Who, the night janitor?
[scoffs]
The hell would I know?
Nah, I don't know him at all.
[tense music playing]
It looks like a CD.
It's some kind of disc
based on its shape
and the way it shines.
But I've never seen a disc
that was squishy
and elastic like this.
And then...
There was another one of
these sticking out of his face.
That makes two discs in total!
[vibrating]
What the--? I can see
something inside of it!
[janitor] Now the money
that I took from
that sick prisoner is all mine.
What?
I've hidden 5000 bucks,
and nobody has clue.
Wha--What am I watching?
-[record scratches]
-[grunts, yells]
[Pale Snake] McQueen,
my child.
Do you think you could
lend me a hand with something?
A little something
between friends.
So, what do you say?
[grunting]
-[splashes]
-[panting]
[sighs] What the hell did
that thing just show me?
It was like I was
watching someone's memory.
-[janitor] So...
-Huh?
Word's gotten 'round.
You've been asking people
all about me, huh?
I have prior experience
in stalking,
but I've gotta say I've never
been stalked by a woman before.
Yeah, this is a first.
Who the hell do
you think you are?
Answer me!
Didn't you eject some discs
out of your face?
Sorry, discs?
-[whimpering]
-[soft piano music playing]
-Huh?
-[sobbing]
I can't remember.
What going on?
I'm so pathetic.
I can't remember.
Hm?
Hey, why'd you bust out
crying all of a sudden?
You took money from me
while I was unconscious
in sickbay this morning,
stupid ass!
Money? That's sounds right.
I had thousands of dollars
stashed away in a safe place.
But now...
[wailing] I have no memory
of where it was.
Damn, are you sure
you're all right there, man?
You better not be messing
with me!
[sniffs]
Did you just ask me
if I'm all right?
[sparkles]
I... I... You're so kind.
It's been forever since the
last time I spoke with a woman.
-Huh?
-Well, it's my first time.
My first time to have
a heart-to-heart conversation
with a woman
as staggeringly beautiful
as you are.
I'm very happy, honestly.
Someday, I hope
to meet a girl like you
and get the chance to
live happily together with her.
Huh?
Of course...
That won't happen
because I'm a pathetic loser.
And why would you want
someone like that?
It's all so pointless.
I feel like dying.
-Wait!
-[choking]
What the hell
do you think you're doing?!
[grunting]
Oh god! Who is this guy?
[buzzing]
Hey, McQueen.
You're truly evil
and a misanthrope, aren't you?
You worm your way
through this world
with no animosity,
and worst of all,
you don't even think you're
causing anyone any trouble.
You also insist
on playing the victim.
Although you have
no interest in others,
you're hoping that someone
will come along
one of these days and save you.
You're what's referred to in
certain circles as "the worst."
Dragging others down
with your misfortune
is a truly evil approach.
Which makes me have to say,
"I'm quite fond of you,
McQueen."
If you were to come across
my enemy
when you're moving
about this prison,
you'd be sure to get rid of them
for me like a true friend.
Isn't that right, McQueen?
[pained groan]
[Ermes] Belt is around
his neck...
and this around mine!
[straining, choking]
[theme song playing]
Help me! Please, somebody!
I'm passing out.
Maybe if I can bring
him down,
this power will release me
as well!
[grunts] Sticker!
[straining]
[grunts, coughs]
He has a strange ability
like mine.
That means I wasn't
the only one.
Damn it!
What the hell's wrong with you?
Why'd you hang yourself
like that?
Did you really just help me?
Thank you.
You're a real lifesaver.
Who the hell
do you think you are, asshole?
And why the hell do you keep
dragging me into your problems?
You have
some power too, right?
Don't lie to me!
My power? I don't know
what you're talking about,
but that'll be okay.
I won't ever do that again.
I'm fully awake now.
I really owe you everything
for saving my life.
I swear I'll repay you
for your kindness one day.
Oh, I couldn't just sit back
and let you do it.
You don't have to
worry about--
[splashes]
What the hell are you
doing now?!
[grunts]
[muffled] Now what?
[drowning gurgles]
Those scars on his wrist.
He's tried to
commit suicide before.
And I don't think
he's realized
his ability affects
those around him yet.
He's bad news.
My posture's even
the same as his!
Oh god, I drifted
even further away from him.
[muffled] You dumb jerk!
[seething breaths]
You... asshole!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[winces]
[grunts, coughs]
The disc. I have no idea
what any of this is about,
but it must have something
to do with that disc!
[coughs, gasps]
Please let me die!
I said I would pay you back,
but a piece of trash like me
can't do...
anything.
The last thing I want to do
is be your friend!
I'll never save
your life again!
In fact, you come near me again,
I'll kill you myself!
Just kill me already!
If I was going to
be murdered,
I'd want it to be someone
like you.
[scoffs]
Hold on.
I--I think I just saw her pull
a disc out of the toilet bowl.
For some reason,
I feel like that belongs
to me.
Will she give it back to me?
I guess not.
She probably won't do it.
Hey! Let me through!
My discharge permit.
Now, let me through.
[fast music playing]
Damn it.
I have to get as far away from
that guy as I possibly can.
I should get going
back to my cell.
-[music stops]
-[gasps]
[thudding]
[Emporio] I was right.
Your power has awakened.
I can help you.
I can explain
these new abilities to you.
What you have
is called a Stand Power.
[gasps]
Stand Wielders are drawn
to each other like magnets.
It's just a part
of the whole phenomenon.
No one's sure why...
But that's why you met him.
That sad janitor.
Wait, what's a kid doing here?
Unless I'm mistaken,
you're the one
who sold Jolyne's pendant.
That's the reason why.
She asked me to keep
an eye on you
in case anything
suspicious happened.
Jolyne, huh?
Did she get mixed up
in all of this too?
The villain
who steals people's hearts.
He's an enemy
to both myself and Jolyne.
We're searching
for the hearts he's stolen.
[gasps] Stolen heart?
The one responsible
for this is Pale Snake!
If you know anything about it,
I ask you to help us!
These stolen hearts...
Is this disc what
you're talking about?
[gasps]
Is that...?
[panting]
It came out of that janitor.
Maybe you should start
with what this thing is.
Hold on,
didn't he have two discs?
Another one? Oh, yeah.
You're right.
[Emporio] "Memory DISC"
and "Stand DISC."
It comes in a set of two.
Two discs make a single soul.
If we can track down
the second one,
we might be able find out
who's behind Pale Snake.
It can't be.
There's no way.
[gasps]
Is that jerk
still trying to mess with me?
This is crazy.
I ran so far away from him.
[screaming]
No! What's happening?
[Ermes grunts]
It's electricity!
That rotten bastard janitor
must be electrocuting himself!
[yelps] It's... over.
I don't think he's done.
You can't kill a human being
just by sending a hundred volts
of electricity
onto their exposed skin.
That's not how it works.
It's all due
to electrical resistance.
That's why it stopped.
He failed to kill himself.
However...
if he's still planning to try
electrocuting himself again,
then I'm thinking
he's probably looking
for salt water.
With salt \water,
the current conductivity
will be almost 100 percent.
Electricity can pierce
burn the heart
completely at those levels.
They use salt water for IVs
and a bunch of other
healthcare stuff!
There's plenty of it
down in the medical wing!
I can't go any further
than this.
There are too many
other prisoners
roaming that floor right now.
I gotta beat his ass
unconscious
and take out
the other disc when it ejects!
It's my only chance!
[splashing]
Whoa! Hold on! Just listen!
Take a look. You see
what's happened to my left arm?
[gasps]
It's burnt and cut,
just like your arm!
Are you starting
to get the picture?
I don't know how,
but you have a strange ability,
where whatever injuries
you sustain
while trying to off yourself,
the same injuries happen
to me too.
So stop thinking about suicide!
I'm sure things will
turn around,
with good times waiting
for you.
[panting]
[clatters]
You think so?
Four years ago...
I was just doing
some cleaning,
Huh?
I was in my apartment cleaning
and oiling my shotgun.
Somehow,
a shell had gotten itself stuck
in the gun's barrel.
[McQueen] It was an accident!
My room was on
the tenth floor.
That's when a woman jumped
from the 11th floor
in an attempt to kill herself.
It's a matter of luck.
People win millions
in the lottery.
so obviously the opposite
has to happen, right?
She was supposed to hit
the ground
and die from suicide.
But instead, everyone assumes
that I shot and killed
that woman on the 11th floor.
The judge even
called me cold-hearted
before he threw
the book at me.
[cries] That's the man
you're seeing before you!
Wait!
You like panties, right?
Has anyone ever given you
a pair!?
If a cute girl were
to give you panties,
you'd feel lucky,
wouldn't you?
Huh?
Sure, you're going through
some tough times right now.
But if you were given
freshly worn panties,
that means your luck can change
for the better,
even at the worst times,
when things seem darkest,
don't you see?
[shrieks]
Oh, how embarrassing,
but I'll give them to you!
The actual pair I'm wearing
right this second.
[drip]
You really wanna give them
to me?
Of course! I made a promise,
didn't I?
But listen, everybody hates
when the weekend is over,
and Monday's
right around the corner.
But we all think,
"A fun Saturday is waiting
for me at
the other end of this tunnel,"
and live our lives,
because we know it's not
always going to be a Monday.
[MNS] The day I got arrested
was Saturday.
-Hm?
-It's strange.
You're saying something good
that gives me courage,
which I appreciate.
But maybe you're using
all those fine-sounding words
because you're trying
to save yourself, right?
Well, that's part of it.
So you're acting like
you care,
but you're just trying
to calm me down
for the moment.
The words you speak
are not sincere, are they?
So that's how you treat me.
I should've known this all
from the start.
No one wants to be
with trash.
But I'm worse than trash.
My presence is invisible!
You couldn't even find me
to throw me away properly!
Whoa! Pump the brakes, man.
Okay, I'll admit that
the only reason I talked to you
is because I wanna
survive this.
Right, I have to make you see.
This "Pale Snake" son of a bitch
is only using you.
He's taking advantage
of your broken heart!
But if you stop thinking
about suicide,
nothing will happen.
He won't have power
over you anymore.
Maybe then,
you'll stop thinking
only about your damn self,
which is just what you need,
you shit stain!
[abrupt silence]
Jeez, you're so great.
I mean it.
Your heart spoke to me.
You have me feeling
so inspired now.
It really shows a guy
just how lucky he is.
I'm getting the chance to meet
an amazing person
such as yourself
right before the end.
And for that I'd like
to thank you!
If I can make sure to die
with you,
then we can stay
together forever.
I never realized
I could be so happy!
[gasps]
That evil little prick.
He really has to be
the most loathsome,
corrupt son of a bitch
I've ever met!
I never have to be lonely
anymore!
[cackles]
Asshole!
Don't even think
about hitting that button!
[crackles]
[screams]
That was too close.
That damned idiot.
I was able to put a sticker
on him.
The sparks from
the electricity
should burn it off.
And when the sticker
is burned off,
and then the object that
the sticker
split in two is gonna...
merge back together!
[squelches]
[Ermes groans] Damn it.
The shock made me remember...
This moron hid a bunch
of money around here somewhere.
Five grand.
I'll take that money
as payment, you asshole!
And as for you... Pale Snake.
I suffered a lot
because of you.
What the hell
are you scheming?
I need to see her.
I've got questions,
Jolyne Cujoh.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]